Eunuch Shiro
Have you ever heard of an old saying about buildings?
Call someone outside
There is a sky
I know this sentence
But you have no right to insult me
I'll know if I'm qualified to change the money
Be careful what you say in your next life
How can you die as miserable as this life?
You are the one who is going to die
If you hand over the antidote now
I will make your death less painful
Our Daxia has shrimp insistence on action
Born of this vitality tens of billions
Never miss
How could it capsize on your trash?
My eyes.
Why are your red eyes suddenly invisible?
Little gray corpses are scattered under the waist
It worked.
I can hardly move my hands.
That had to search Sun Quan
Please armrest please uncle
You kid turned out to be a master dancer
It seems that I am laughing at you
The next move I do with both hands
You can't escape
Must be protected first